---
title: November 28th 2016. .
layout: post
author: nicholas.wiegandt
permalink: /november-28th-2016.-./
source-id: 1P59fsGKY88EMKfdOGtX5vc05dHkqTIH0QosxQ9LXDjc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>November 28th 2016</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Read blogs for targets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Focus more because there was a lack of focus last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes because I focus 95% of the time!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the coding book and using Seb to read out all the important bits of info with me filling in the gaps when typing. I always type the code and Seb reads the book because I am a faster typer, even though I don't touch type! The most effective strategy was to have Seb say "HVTAB-4-5" instead of “HVTAB-space-Bracket-4-comma-space-5 bracket.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main thing that limited my learning was that I didn’t know how to work the electrics that we did at the end of the lesson. Seb and I were way ahead of anyone else in our class (8C) because we are awesome! The main habit that I need to work on is focus, kie I keep saying so I will work on that! </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to complete the electric basic wiring introduction with Seb. I will also try to do a good section of ex.1 because it doesn’t look too hard! So I will try to do that as well as any other things that we can get done! I will improve my learning by focusing more and listening to Seb with 100% focus and I will listen to the teacher. Have a great day! Peace!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


