---
title: November 21st 2016
layout: post
author: nicholas.wiegandt
permalink: /november-21st-2016/
source-id: 1baA1i3UWlDzJyuI-ccbkrcQnlF3z3SR5AZ65j5vD9Bs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>November 21st 2016</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>7/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Talk on CT.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Find out what CT means.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes because I found out what CT is.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by listening to the teacher's presentation all about CT. He was a special teacher because he came into school for just the one day. His job was to teach children about Computational Thinking or CT. The most effective strategy was to read the presentation and follow the instructions. It was easy as he had also put the answers on the next slide!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main thing that limited my learning at the best school ever was that I didn’t understand everything the way it was meant so I got stuck once or twice. The other one was not focusing (again). I can’t stop it! The main thing that I need to work on is focus. It will be fixed! At some point in the far future! That is the main habit that I need to work on. I will try to fix this problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will attempt to focus as much as possible because then I can make the most of my lesson and develop some computing skills such as coding, website building and even robotics! I will improve my learning by keeping focus and by keeping my workspace neat. Peace!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


