---
title: Semtember 12th 2016
layout: post
author: nicholas.wiegandt
permalink: /semtember-12th-2016/
source-id: 1-xaMQ4Nk7-Bb6aUz4wjNPcJR0rpo7tNP__2vBD_Gihk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>THE GREAT SETUP</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/9/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Collect equipment needed for Raspberry computers</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To set up a Computer and do projects on it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Not really because the monitor kept blacking out even when we changed monitor.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt how to use a micro-screwdriver set to remove a trailing cable from one monitor and change it to a different one. This still didn't make a difference to the blackout screen and I have a sneaky suspicion that it has something to do with the old computer box. The most effective strategy was using the right shape of screwdriver and following the given instructions. Strangely enough, They Work!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited by the fact that my monitor kept going black and not letting me or Seb press anything. This meant that we got no projects done. I need to work on getting luckier and not getting the same computer box again. As I said earlier I think that there is or was something wrong with that computer box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change the fact that I chose an iffy computer box and set it up faster and more precisely because last time I tried to put the power cable into an HDMI hole. After about 4 seconds I realised what I was doing and changed so that the computer could get power. I will improve my learning by getting some projects done next time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


