---
title: September 19th 2016
layout: post
author: nicholas.wiegandt
permalink: /september-19th-2016/
source-id: 1X45AaDIvfcarMbkBH8IGtjZ9PUgcQoR2h9tNapFVCdw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Project 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/9/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Collect equipment needed for Raspberry computers</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete project 1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes we did it in the Nick of time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt how to use the different keys to access the menus needed for the project. F2 Was by far the most useful. It was the bass code section where you wrote the code. It was good fun as you could try to make colours clash. This hurt my eyes a lot. A good strategy was to read the instructions. We didn't originally do this so we got lost in part 1.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We didn't read the instructions so we got lost in the computer at least to start with. Then we got on with reading the instructions and we were on our way. I need to remember that I cannot do everything by myself and that I need to remember to read the instructions so that I can do what I need to do instead of failing to do so.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will work faster and more precisely to make sure I get all the work done. If I read the instructions as I start then my work should be quicker and far more accurate. I will also help Seb with his coding skills. I can do this by reading the instructions as I could not get to the right menu before I read them so they can help me do what I need to do.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


