---
title: May 14th 2017
layout: post
author: nicholas.wiegandt
permalink: /may-14th-2017/
source-id: 1fV1po5G4KgKh_tS95GKd9aTXhBMys1BiNueFQB7s3Ec
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>May 8th 2017 - Learning to code</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>8/5/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>There is a website called codecadamy and it teaches you to code. Go on it and select the PYTHON option.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete stage 1 and some of stage 2.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes because I was near the end of stage 2 at the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What did I learn?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I learnt how to code different things such as how to make the python coding language do maths for you like powers and other multiplications. It can also do equalities and can find out if an equation is true or not, sort of like; 8**2=9+55 which in this case would be true. I also learnt how it could work out percentages of numbers like 15% of 90 which in this case would be 13.5. This made doing some calculations in the code easier and meant that I didn't have to write out long numbers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The person sat next to me talked sometimes and I often got distracted by him. He also needed help sometimes so I had to help him which slowed my work speed down quite a bit. So the main habit that I have to work on for future lessons and not just IT is to stop talking to others and getting distracted by them during lesson time. I should still help people if they need help but I shouldn’t start a conversation with them about off topic subjects. I need to help them and then get back to my own work quickly to get maximum learning and to help others get the maximum learning to by not distracting them unnecessarily.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will not get distracted by other people’s conversations and try to keep to my own work. Most importantly, I need to leave other people to do their own work and not distract them from learning. I will get finish the fourth stage and start the fifth maybe getting to the -27% of the way- mark if possible.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


